20 years ago, Honda en Land Rover worked together on a new compact SUV.
Honda ended up making the CR-V alone, though. LaRo came with the Freelander in '97.
This more compact model made Land Rovers a lot more attainable.
The Freelander was very succesful. The first 2 gens were sold for 9 years.
Time for the 3rd gen. No wait, it's dead. Or actually, it's now this Discovery Sport.
Earlier, I drove this with spikes and mostly on snow. But now, in tarmac!
It's new yet very similar to the old car. Nothing wrong with that.
On the inside, too. It's nice and high-class yet familiar.
However, the info-tainment system is a bit slow and these buttons are silly.
Plenty of space in the back - you can even seat 7 people!
Earlier, I did learn this handles itself well on rough terrain.
Especially considering it doesn't have low gearing and LSD's.
On tarmac, it's fine too. Underneath all this it's basically an Evoque.
It has a 9-speed auto box with a very short 1st gear, which helps offroad.
Best of all, like the Freelander, this makes driving a LaRo possible for more.
This SD4 has 190 PS, 4WD and an automatic, but a ED4 with 150 PS, FWD and manual 'box follows.
It will be 10000 euro's cheaper than the last Freelander.
+ Quite affordable; spacious!
+ Unrefined drivetrain; no LSD